


Let us never know what old age is. Let us know the happiness time brings, not count the years.
Ausonius
Birthday, Happiness, Time

Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
Jeanne Moreau
Love, Protect, You

Age is a case of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it don't matter. - Satchel Paige
Age is a case of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it don't matter.
Satchel Paige
Birthday, Mind, You

Our uniqueness makes us special, makes perception valuable - but it can also make us lonely. This loneliness is different from being 'alone': You can be lonely even surrounded by people. The feeling I'm talking about stems from the sense that we can never fully share the truth of who we are. I experienced this acutely at an early age.
Amy Tan
Truth, Loneliness, Alone

Being confident is the key to life. Don't be afraid to be you! I'm super different from a lot of kids my age with style and personality, and I'm OK with it. And if you are OK with it, everyone else will be, too. Just be yourself.
Leo Howard
Life, Be Yourself, Yourself

Age is something that doesn't matter, unless you are a cheese. - Luis Bunuel
Age is something that doesn't matter, unless you are a cheese.
Luis Bunuel
Funny, Cheese, You

Try to keep your soul young and quivering right up to old age. - George Sand
Try to keep your soul young and quivering right up to old age.
George Sand
Soul, Old Age, Try

Do not go gentle into that good night but rage, rage against the dying of the light. - Dylan Thomas
Do not go gentle into that good night but rage, rage against the dying of the light.
Dylan Thomas
Light, Good, Good Night

Youth is the gift of nature, but age is a work of art. - Stanislaw Jerzy Lec
Youth is the gift of nature, but age is a work of art.
Stanislaw Jerzy Lec
Work, Nature, Art

Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter. - Mark Twain
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
Mark Twain
Mind, You, Matter

Those who improve with age embrace the power of personal growth and personal achievement and begin to replace youth with wisdom, innocence with understanding, and lack of purpose with self-actualization.
Bo Bennett
Wisdom, Growth, Achievement

Top 10
Age
QUOTES
View the list
In our age there is no such thing as 'keeping out of politics.' All issues are political issues, and politics itself is a mass of lies, evasions, folly, hatred and schizophrenia.
George Orwell
Politics, Political, Hatred

Age appears to be best in four things; old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read.
Francis Bacon
Friends, Trust, Best

Marriage is not about age; it's about finding the right person. - Sophia Bush
Marriage is not about age; it's about finding the right person.
Sophia Bush
Marriage, Right Person

If youth knew; if age could. - Sigmund Freud
If youth knew; if age could.
Sigmund Freud
Youth, Brainy, Could

To me - old age is always ten years older than I am. - Bernard Baruch
To me - old age is always ten years older than I am.
Bernard Baruch
Birthday, I Am, Me

Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young.
Henry Ford
Life, Learning, Mind

The secret of genius is to carry the spirit of the child into old age, which means never losing your enthusiasm.
Aldous Huxley
Attitude, Child, Losing

Every age has its storytelling form, and video gaming is a huge part of our culture. You can ignore or embrace video games and imbue them with the best artistic quality. People are enthralled with video games in the same way as other people love the cinema or theatre.
Andy Serkis
Love, Best, Culture

A birthday is just another day where you go to work and people give you love. Age is just a state of mind, and you are as old as you think you are. You have to count your blessings and be happy.
Abhishek Bachchan
Love, Work, Birthday

Youth has no age. - Pablo Picasso
Youth has no age.
Pablo Picasso
Birthday, Youth

Men are like wine - some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age. - Pope John XXIII
Men are like wine - some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age.
Pope John XXIII
Best, Wine, Men

The age of a woman doesn't mean a thing. The best tunes are played on the oldest fiddles. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
The age of a woman doesn't mean a thing. The best tunes are played on the oldest fiddles.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Women, Best, Woman

You can't help getting older, but you don't have to get old. - George Burns
You can't help getting older, but you don't have to get old.
George Burns
Getting Older, Help, You

Cherish all your happy moments; they make a fine cushion for old age. - Booth Tarkington
Cherish all your happy moments; they make a fine cushion for old age.
Booth Tarkington
Happy, Old Age, Moments

Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been. - Mark Twain
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
Mark Twain
Wrinkles, Smiles, Where

There is a fountain of youth: it is your mind, your talents, the creativity you bring to your life and the lives of people you love. When you learn to tap this source, you will truly have defeated age.
Sophia Loren
Love, Life, Creativity

There is a plan and a purpose, a value to every life, no matter what its location, age, gender or disability.
Sharron Angle
Life, Purpose, Value

When marrying, ask yourself this question: Do you believe that you will be able to converse well with this person into your old age? Everything else in marriage is transitory.
Friedrich Nietzsche
Marriage, Yourself, Believe

Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen. - Albert Einstein
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
Albert Einstein
Funny, Common Sense

A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. - Robert Frost
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.
Robert Frost
Birthday, Man, Woman

In this enlightened age, there are few I believe, but what will acknowledge, that slavery as an institution is a moral & political evil in any country. It is useless to expatiate on its disadvantages.
Robert E. Lee
Evil, Believe, Political

When grace is joined with wrinkles, it is adorable. There is an unspeakable dawn in happy old age.
Victor Hugo
Happy, Old Age, Grace

I'm very mature for my age, but I'm also innocent in a lot of ways.
Kirsten Dunst
Innocent, Mature, Very

People gossip. People are insecure, so they talk about other people so that they won't be talked about. They point out flaws in other people to make them feel good about themselves. I think at any age or any social class, that's present.
Blake Lively
Good, People, Flaws

Forty is the old age of youth; fifty the youth of old age. - Victor Hugo
Forty is the old age of youth; fifty the youth of old age.
Victor Hugo
Old Age, Youth, Old

Just remember, once you're over the hill you begin to pick up speed. - Arthur Schopenhauer
Just remember, once you're over the hill you begin to pick up speed.
Arthur Schopenhauer
Remember, You, Begin

I will never be an old man. To me, old age is always 15 years older than I am. - Francis Bacon
I will never be an old man. To me, old age is always 15 years older than I am.
Francis Bacon
Man, I Am, Me

My love for ice cream emerged at an early age - and has never left! - Ginger Rogers
My love for ice cream emerged at an early age - and has never left!
Ginger Rogers
Love, Ice, Ice Cream

Aging is not lost youth but a new stage of opportunity and strength. - Betty Friedan
Aging is not lost youth but a new stage of opportunity and strength.
Betty Friedan
Strength, Opportunity, New

Love has no age, no limit; and no death. - John Galsworthy
Love has no age, no limit; and no death.
John Galsworthy
Love, Death, Limit

Robots will harvest, cook, and serve our food. They will work in our factories, drive our cars, and walk our dogs. Like it or not, the age of work is coming to an end.
Gray Scott
Work, Food, End

Be eccentric now. Don't wait for old age to wear purple. - Regina Brett
Be eccentric now. Don't wait for old age to wear purple.
Regina Brett
Old Age, Wait, Purple

Old age and treachery will always beat youth and exuberance. - David Mamet
Old age and treachery will always beat youth and exuberance.
David Mamet
Old Age, Youth, Beat

Age and size are only numbers. It's the attitude you bring to clothes that make the difference.
Donna Karan
Attitude, Numbers, Clothes

Today, most young women are exposed to technology at a very young age, with mobile phones, tablets, the Web or social media. They are much more proficient with technology than prior generations since they use it for all their school work, communication and entertainment.
Susan Wojcicki
Work, Communication, Today

Youth is the best time to be rich, and the best time to be poor. - Euripides
Youth is the best time to be rich, and the best time to be poor.
Euripides
Time, Best, Youth

In age of consumerism and materialism, I traffic in blue sky and colored air.
James Turrell
Sky, Blue, Traffic

You are as young as your self-confidence, as old as your fears; as young as your hope, as old as your despair.
Samuel Ullman
Hope, Self-Confidence, You

Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul. - Douglas MacArthur
Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul.
Douglas MacArthur
Failure, Soul, Wrinkles

Probably the happiest period in life most frequently is in middle age, when the eager passions of youth are cooled, and the infirmities of age not yet begun; as we see that the shadows, which are at morning and evening so large, almost entirely disappear at midday.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Life, Morning, Youth

Legend: A lie that has attained the dignity of age. - H. L. Mencken
Legend: A lie that has attained the dignity of age.
H. L. Mencken
History, Lie, Legend

True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country.
Kurt Vonnegut
Morning, School, Wake Up

Today, companies have to radically revolutionize themselves every few years just to stay relevant. That's because technology and the Internet have transformed the business landscape forever. The fast-paced digital age has accelerated the need for companies to become agile.
Nolan Bushnell
Business, Today, Technology

The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age. - Lucille Ball
The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age.
Lucille Ball
Live, Lie, Young

Age is just a number. It's totally irrelevant unless, of course, you happen to be a bottle of wine.
Joan Collins
Wine, You, Just

If you age with somebody, you go through so many roles - you're lovers, friends, enemies, colleagues, strangers; you're brother and sister. That's what intimacy is, if you're with your soulmate.
Cate Blanchett
Sister, Friends, Brother

The ruling ideas of each age have ever been the ideas of its ruling class. - Karl Marx
The ruling ideas of each age have ever been the ideas of its ruling class.
Karl Marx
Ideas, Class, Been

There's a vintage which comes with age and experience.
Jon Bon Jovi
Experience, Vintage, Which

Every great architect is - necessarily - a great poet. He must be a great original interpreter of his time, his day, his age.
Frank Lloyd Wright
Day, Time, Architecture

In youth we learn; in age we understand. - Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
In youth we learn; in age we understand.
Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
Learning, Youth, Understand

As technology advances, it reverses the characteristics of every situation again and again. The age of automation is going to be the age of 'do it yourself.'
Marshall McLuhan
Technology, Yourself

Old minds are like old horses; you must exercise them if you wish to keep them in working order. - John Adams
Old minds are like old horses; you must exercise them if you wish to keep them in working order.
John Adams
Wish, Exercise, You

I think it's your mental attitude. So many of us start dreading age in high school and that's a waste of a lovely life. 'Oh... I'm 30, oh, I'm 40, oh, 50.' Make the most of it.
Betty White
Life, Attitude, Start

Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you've got to start young. - Theodore Roosevelt
Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you've got to start young.
Theodore Roosevelt
Success, Old Age, Start

Old age is no place for sissies. - Bette Davis
Old age is no place for sissies.
Bette Davis
Old Age, Place, Old

Age considers; youth ventures. - Rabindranath Tagore
Age considers; youth ventures.
Rabindranath Tagore
Youth, Considers, Ventures

It's trite to say that the world has gotten smaller in the age of globalization, but my travels have told me that it's wrong to think this means there is some kind of uniform world culture.
Norman Spinrad
Culture, World, Me

As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do. - Andrew Carnegie
As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do.
Andrew Carnegie
Men, Grow, Attention

When granted many years of life, growing old in age is natural, but growing old with grace is a choice. Growing older with grace is possible for all who will set their hearts and minds on the Giver of grace, the Lord Jesus Christ.
Billy Graham
Life, Grace, Choice

People have to understand one thing: at the age of 18, I arrived at a dream club like Manchester United. It was a dream come true. But, even at that moment, I was thinking about playing in England for some years and then going to play in Spain. Even at that time I was thinking that way, and I always gave 100% everything.
Cristiano Ronaldo
Time, Moment, Thinking

Dissents speak to a future age.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg
Future, Speak

Next year, I hope there will be even more parties, lots of holidays and just having a good time, really. Plus wing-walking, air shows and learning to fly, as they are all things I want to do. I won't be restricted by age.
Carol Vorderman
Learning, Hope, Time

I'm happy to report that my inner child is still ageless.
James Broughton
Happy, Child, Inner Child

Youth is the spirit of adventure and awakening. It is a time of physical emerging when the body attains the vigor and good health that may ignore the caution of temperance. Youth is a period of timelessness when the horizons of age seem too distant to be noticed.
Ezra Taft Benson
Time, Adventure, Health

We aren't in an information age, we are in an entertainment age.
Tony Robbins
Information, Entertainment

The design process usually starts as a fantasy, with ideas that I dream of and visualize. These ideas become a reality by bringing various ingredients together, from the lifestyle of my bride, her age and sex appeal, to the textures of the finest fabrics and embroideries that we produce in my family factories in India.
Naeem Khan
Family, Together, Ideas

It is surprising to notice that even from the earliest age, man finds the greatest satisfaction in feeling independent. The exalting feeling of being sufficient to oneself comes as a revelation.
Maria Montessori
Man, Greatest, Independent

I don't think of myself as a poor deprived ghetto girl who made good. I think of myself as somebody who from an early age knew I was responsible for myself, and I had to make good.
Oprah Winfrey
Myself, Good, Girl

As men get older, the toys get more expensive.
Marvin Davis
Men, More, Expensive

Those who love deeply never grow old; they may die of old age, but they die young.
Dorothy Canfield Fisher
Love, Old Age, Grow

A woman has the age she deserves.
Coco Chanel
Woman, She, Deserves

I'm at the age where food has taken the place of sex in my life. In fact, I've just had a mirror put over my kitchen table.
Rodney Dangerfield
Life, Food, Mirror

Your grandparents came of age in the Great Depression, when everyday life was about deprivation and sacrifice, when the economic conditions of the time were so grave and so unrelenting it would have been easy enough for the American dream to fade away.
Tom Brokaw
Life, Time, Depression

I strive for perfection, but I'm not perfect. But what I can say is my morals are totally different than any other 24-year-old rapper my age now. I look at life totally different. A whole other aspect. I have different views and morals on life in general. And opinions.
ASAP Rocky
Life, Perfection, Perfect

Old age is just a record of one's whole life. - Muhammad Ali
Old age is just a record of one's whole life.
Muhammad Ali
Life, Old Age, Just

Hesitation increases in relation to risk in equal proportion to age. - Ernest Hemingway
Hesitation increases in relation to risk in equal proportion to age.
Ernest Hemingway
Risk, Equal, Hesitation

Old age: the crown of life, our play's last act. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
Old age: the crown of life, our play's last act.
Marcus Tullius Cicero
Life, Old Age, Crown

Age is whatever you think it is. You are as old as you think you are. - Muhammad Ali
Age is whatever you think it is. You are as old as you think you are.
Muhammad Ali
Think, You, Old

Age is a very high price to pay for maturity. - Tom Stoppard
Age is a very high price to pay for maturity.
Tom Stoppard
Maturity, Price, Very

Surrounding myself with beautiful women keeps me young.
Hugh Hefner
Women, Beautiful, Myself

People say women shouldn't have long hair over a certain age, but I've never done what everyone says.
Jane Seymour
Women, Hair, People

At the age of six I wanted to be a cook. At seven I wanted to be Napoleon. And my ambition has been growing steadily ever since.
Salvador Dali
Ambition, Growing, Been

As human beings we value the experience that comes with age. We are reminded over and over again with statements like 'older and wiser' and 'respect your elders,' promoting age as something to be cherished and respected.
Jenna Morasca
Respect, Experience, Value

The three touchstones that woke Buddha up - sickness, old age, and death - are a pretty good place to start when crafting a tragic tale. And if we need to get more specific: heartbreak, destruction, miscomprehension, natural disasters, betrayal, and the waste of human potential.
Paul Di Filippo
Death, Good, Start

I think it's nice to age gracefully. OK, you lose the youth, a certain stamina and dewy glow, but what you gain on the inside as a human being is wonderful: the wisdom, the acceptance and the peace of mind. It's a fair exchange.
Cherie Lunghi
Wisdom, Peace, Acceptance

Our thoughts are mainly controlled by our subconscious, which is largely formed before the age of 6, and you cannot change the subconscious mind by just thinking about it. That's why the power of positive thinking will not work for most people. The subconscious mind is like a tape player. Until you change the tape, it will not change.
Bruce Lipton
Positive, Work, Change

I think that everybody needs four things in life. Everybody needs something to do regardless of age. Everybody needs someone to love. Everybody needs something to hope for, and, of course, everybody needs someone to believe in.
Lou Holtz
Love, Life, Hope

Basically, when you get to my age, you'll really measure your success in life by how many of the people you want to have love you actually do love you.
Warren Buffett
Love, Life, Success

Exposure from a young age to the realities of the world is a super-big thing.
Bill Gates
World, Young, Exposure

In the first three years of life, the foundations of physical and also of psychic health are laid. In these years, the child not only increases in size but passes through great transformations. This is the age in which language and movement develop. The child must be safeguarded in order that these activities may develop freely.
Maria Montessori
Life, Great, Health

Old age is like a plane flying through a storm. Once you're aboard, there's nothing you can do.
Golda Meir
Storm, Old Age, Flying

Middle age is when you're sitting at home on a Saturday night and the telephone rings and you hope it isn't for you.
Ogden Nash
Hope, Home, Night

From a young age, I learned to focus on the things I was good at and delegate to others what I was not good at. That's how Virgin is run. Fantastic people throughout the Virgin Group run our businesses, allowing me to think creatively and strategically.
Richard Branson
Focus, Good, Me

Young man, the secret of my success is that at early age I discovered that I was not God.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
Success, God, Man

I've always considered myself a fairly romantic person. I believe in love and falling in love at a young age.
Mandy Moore
Love, Romantic, Myself

In my youth I stressed freedom, and in my old age I stress order. I have made the great discovery that liberty is a product of order.
Will Durant
Great, Freedom, Stress

The trick is growing up without growing old. - Casey Stengel
The trick is growing up without growing old.
Casey Stengel
Growing Up, Growing Old

Sometimes, people can be extraordinarily judgmental and closed-minded to anyone different or special, which is why it's so hard for young people in this day and age to be comfortable enough in their own skin to not listen to the people picking on them.
Ariana Grande
Day, People, Sometimes

New needs need new techniques. And the modern artists have found new ways and new means of making their statements... the modern painter cannot express this age, the airplane, the atom bomb, the radio, in the old forms of the Renaissance or of any other past culture.
Jackson Pollock
Culture, Past, New

We all grow up. Hopefully, we get wiser. Age brings wisdom, and fatherhood changes one's life completely.
Frank Abagnale
Life, Wisdom, Changes

The great secret that all old people share is that you really haven't changed in seventy or eighty years. Your body changes, but you don't change at all. And that, of course, causes great confusion.
Doris Lessing
Change, Great, Changes

Youth cannot know how age thinks and feels. But old men are guilty if they forget what it was to be young.
J. K. Rowling
Men, Youth, Forget

Retirement at sixty-five is ridiculous. When I was sixty-five I still had pimples.
George Burns
Retirement, Ridiculous

I can't wait to be that age and hanging out with a bunch of people hanging out all day playing golf and going to the beach, all my own age. We'd be laughing and having a good time and getting loopy on our prescription drugs. Driving golf carts around. I can't wait.
Cameron Diaz
Day, Time, Beach

My mother is Turtle Mountain Chippewa, and she lived on her home reservation. My father taught there. He had just been discharged from the Air Force. He went to school on the GI Bill and got his teaching credentials. He is adventurous - he worked his way through Alaska at age seventeen and paid for his living expenses by winning at the poker table.
Louise Erdrich
Home, Father, Mother

I have had so many great moments, but I would have to say that dancing the Swan in 'Swan Lake' was such a unique and passionate experience for me. It was such bloody hard work, even at that very early age, that I would not want to try to replicate it again now.
William Kempe
Work, Hard Work, Experience

You can wear black at any time. You can wear it at any age. You may wear it for almost any occasion; a 'little black frock' is essential to a woman's wardrobe.
Christian Dior
Time, Woman, Black

Many believe - and I believe - that I have been designated for this work by God. In spite of my old age, I do not want to give it up; I work out of love for God and I put all my hope in Him.
Michelangelo
Love, Work, Hope

The divine right of husbands, like the divine right of kings, may, it is hoped, in this enlightened age, be contested without danger.
Mary Wollstonecraft
Kings, May, Like

The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball.
Doug Larson
Process, Aging, You

Like a lot of kids, I had a Superman cake or different theme cakes, but then I hit the age where I think my mom thought I was ready for the German chocolate cake that she makes for my dad. Just the sight of that, the taste of that frosting, just reminds me of being at home with my mom and my dad and my sister and my friends.
Willie Geist
Sister, Home, Friends

I think the thing I miss most in our age is our manners. It sounds so old-fashioned in a way. But even bad people had good manners in the old days, and manners hold a community together, and manners hold a family together; in a way, they hold the world together.
Nancy Friday
Family, Community, Good

We have entered an age in which education is not just a luxury permitting some men an advantage over others. It has become a necessity without which a person is defenseless in this complex, industrialized society. We have truly entered the century of the educated man.
Lyndon B. Johnson
Education, Man, Men

The most audacious thing I could possibly state in this day and age is that life is worth living. It's worth being bashed against. It's worth getting scarred by. It's worth pouring yourself over every one of its coals.
Jeff Buckley
Life, Day, Yourself

I grew up in the age of polyester. When I got to touch real silk, cotton and velvet, the feel of nonsynthetic fabrics blew me away. I know it's important how clothing looks, but it's equally important how it feels on your skin.
Colleen Atwood
Me, Know, Important

As a father, I believe that involving children in sports at a young age is generally, a wise proposition. I believe that healthy competition is... well... healthy; that sporting events foster a spirit of teamwork that far surpasses the events themselves; and that active participation keeps children moving and is good for their self-esteem.
Naveen Jain
Teamwork, Father, Children

Youth is a blunder; Manhood a struggle, Old Age a regret. - Benjamin Disraeli
Youth is a blunder; Manhood a struggle, Old Age a regret.
Benjamin Disraeli
Struggle, Regret, Old Age

The finest lesson I've learned with age is that all I need is a small team of comrades who inspire me, try not to judge me, and remind me when I'm judging myself.
Lake Bell
Myself, Team, Inspire

In the U.S., the '50s and '60s marked the documentary's golden age, especially at CBS, where pioneering television journalist Edward R. Murrow, immortalised in George Clooney's 'Good Night, and Good Luck,' produced such landmark investigations as the CBS Reports programme 'Hunger in America.'
Naomi Wolf
Good, Luck, Night

Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age. - Anais Nin
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
Anais Nin
Love, Protect, You

None are so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm. - Henry David Thoreau
None are so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm.
Henry David Thoreau
Enthusiasm, Old, None

Some say that the age of chivalry is past, that the spirit of romance is dead. The age of chivalry is never past, so long as there is a wrong left unredressed on earth.
Charles Kingsley
Romantic, Past, Earth

Bad news isn't wine. It doesn't improve with age. - Colin Powell
Bad news isn't wine. It doesn't improve with age.
Colin Powell
Wine, News, Bad

Old age, believe me, is a good and pleasant thing. It is true you are gently shouldered off the stage, but then you are given such a comfortable front stall as spectator.
Confucius
Good, Believe, Me

Instead of being presented with stereotypes by age, sex, color, class, or religion, children must have the opportunity to learn that within each range, some people are loathsome and some are delightful.
Margaret Mead
Children, Opportunity

Reading, after a certain age, diverts the mind too much from its creative pursuits. Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking.
Albert Einstein
Education, Man, Reading

I have led an unusual life. I have buried a father killed at age 50 and two brothers killed in the prime of their lives. I raised my children as a single mother when my husband was arrested and held for eight years without a conviction - a hostage to my political career.
Benazir Bhutto
Life, Father, Children

If you get to my age in life and nobody thinks well of you, I don't care how big your bank account is, your life is a disaster.
Warren Buffett
Life, Care, Life Is A

Pakistan is heir to an intellectual tradition of which the illustrious exponent was the poet and philosopher Mohammad Iqbal. He saw the future course for Islamic societies in a synthesis between adherence to the faith and adjustment to the modern age.
Benazir Bhutto
Future, Faith, Intellectual

Stone Age. Bronze Age. Iron Age. We define entire epics of humanity by the technology they use.
Reed Hastings
Technology, Humanity, Stone

Another belief of mine; that everyone else my age is an adult, whereas I am merely in disguise.
Margaret Atwood
I Am, Belief, Disguise

What's interesting about the shift from an industrial age to a technological age is that we keep inventing new media: movies, records, radio, television, the Internet, and now ebooks - and one of the things that's most interesting about the invention of a new medium is watching it reinvent itself as it penetrates the culture.
David Gerrold
Culture, Movies, New

With age comes the understanding and appreciation of your most important asset, your health.
Oprah Winfrey
Health, Appreciation

Old age and the passage of time teach all things.
Sophocles
Time, Old Age, Teach

Age is inevitable. Aging isn't.
Marv Levy
Aging, Inevitable

When you're put in a position to really affect young people who are going to run the world one day, if you're able to be in their life at a young age and make a positive impact, I think that's a beautiful thing.
Zendaya
Positive, Life, Beautiful

I was one of those children forced into fighting at the age of 13, in my country Sierra Leone, a war that claimed the lives of my mother, father and two brothers. I know too well the emotional, psychological and physical burden that comes with being exposed to violence as a child or at any age for that matter.
Ishmael Beah
Father, Mother, Children

Any young man coming of age has a lot to go through. Peter Parker certainly has a lot of responsibility, and without doubt, so does Pippin - his role, his life, and how he is going to perform it. It's all about choices and how we make them.
Matthew James Thomas
Life, Man, Choices

There's no excuse for fur in this day and age.
Stella McCartney
Day, Excuse, Fur

Age is not important unless you're a cheese.
Helen Hayes
Important, Cheese, You

We have grown accustomed to the wonders of clean water, indoor plumbing, laser surgery, genetic engineering, artificial joints, replacement body parts, and the much longer lives that accompany them. Yet we should remember that the vast majority of humans ever born died before the age of 10 from an infectious disease.
S. Jay Olshansky
Water, Remember, Born

People are so busy dreaming the American Dream, fantasizing about what they could be or have a right to be, that they're all asleep at the switch. Consequently we are living in the Age of Human Error.
Florence King
Dreams, American Dream

If repression has indeed been the fundamental link between power, knowledge, and sexuality since the classical age, it stands to reason that we will not be able to free ourselves from it except at a considerable cost.
Michel Foucault
Knowledge, Power, Free

Age is no barrier. It's a limitation you put on your mind. - Jackie Joyner-Kersee
Age is no barrier. It's a limitation you put on your mind.
Jackie Joyner-Kersee
Mind, You, Barrier

I think that age as a number is not nearly as important as health. You can be in poor health and be pretty miserable at 40 or 50. If you're in good health, you can enjoy things into your 80s.
Bob Barker
Health, Good Health, Good

If anyone thinks they'd rather be in a different part of history, they're probably not a very good student of history. Life sucked in the old days. People knew very little, and you were likely to die at a young age of some horrible disease. You'd probably have no teeth by now. It would be particularly awful if you were a woman.
Elon Musk
Life, History, Good

I am happy being able to play roles with people my age because once you do something really mature there is no turning back.
Lindsay Lohan
Happy, I Am, I Am Happy

The rewards for biotechnology are tremendous - to solve disease, eliminate poverty, age gracefully. It sounds so much cooler than Facebook.
George M. Church
Poverty, Rewards, Disease

I don't feel old. I don't feel anything till noon. That's when it's time for my nap.
Bob Hope
Time, Old, Feel

I remember, as a boy of 17 years of age, this was a fascinating thing for me: how we human beings breathe out carbon dioxide into the air, the leaves of plants pick this carbon dioxide up, and the plant gives off oxygen, which we can breathe in and keep our life going.
Percy Julian
Life, Remember, Me

With portable cameras and affordable data and non-linear digital editing, I think this is a golden age of documentary filmmaking. These new technologies mean we can make complicated, beautifully crafted and cinematic films about real-life stories.
Lucy Walker
Data, Filmmaking, New

Nobody expects to trust his body overmuch after the age of fifty.
Alexander Hamilton
Trust, Body, Nobody

It was a melting pot in Las Vegas. You got every age level, every ethnic background, every social aura - it was an absolute Americana audience... people who were there to celebrate occasions; people who were there to gamble; people who were there because they were awed by the whole Vegas operation. Tourists.
Norm Crosby
Celebrate, People, Vegas

If you're old, don't try to change yourself, change your environment. - B. F. Skinner
If you're old, don't try to change yourself, change your environment.
B. F. Skinner
Change, Yourself, Try

To teach how to live without certainty and yet without being paralysed by hesitation is perhaps the chief thing that philosophy, in our age, can do for those who study it.
Bertrand Russell
Philosophy, Live, Teach

What makes old age hard to bear is not the failing of one's faculties, mental and physical, but the burden of one's memories.
W. Somerset Maugham
Memories, Old Age, Bear

I'm 42 and the age of a guy who has kids, so I guess I'm playing right where I'm supposed to be. I'm comfortable with that, but in the same breath I'd do something edgy. If someone came to me and offered me an edgy and funny story, then I'd do it.
Eddie Murphy
Funny, Me, Same

I always sort of swooned at the sight of the classic barn structures in central and northern Minnesota, where everything seemed rustic and weathered and made to age gracefully.
Richard Dean Anderson
Sight, Classic, Everything

Middle age is the awkward period when Father Time starts catching up with Mother Nature.
Harold Coffin
Nature, Time, Father

Some broad themes brought me where I am today. At a very young age, my hobby became thinking and finding connections.
Dean Kamen
Today, Thinking, I Am

At the earliest age, when I saw a 'wet paint' sign, I had to touch the paint to see if it was wet. When I get stopped at the stoplight in the middle of the night, and there's just no cars coming, and the light is red, I go. I don't think I'm putting anyone in harm's way, and I'll just take the consequences. Because I'm a Libertarian.
Gary Johnson
Light, Red, Night

Sex at age 90 is like trying to shoot pool with a rope.
George Burns
Sex, Trying, Like

When I was younger, my whole sense of self-worth was based on whether or not I was working, which was awful. And I had a baby at 20 years old, so it wasn't just about me. At around the age of 30 there was a stretch where I wasn't working - certainly not on anything I liked, anyway - and I started to do other things.
Kiefer Sutherland
Baby, Me, Self-Worth

At age eleven, I became a member of the circulating library of my home town. From there on I was rarely seen outside but was reading two to four books per week, the subjects ranging from archaeology over ethnology and geography to zoology. Needless to say that I did not do much homework.
Hartmut Michel
Home, Reading, Week

Each age has deemed the new-born year the fittest time for festal cheer. - Walter Scott
Each age has deemed the new-born year the fittest time for festal cheer.
Walter Scott
New Year's, Time, Year

Education is the best provision for old age. - Aristotle
Education is the best provision for old age.
Aristotle
Education, Best, Old Age

The old believe everything, the middle-aged suspect everything, the young know everything. - Oscar Wilde
The old believe everything, the middle-aged suspect everything, the young know everything.
Oscar Wilde
Believe, Know, Young

'Age' is the acceptance of a term of years. But maturity is the glory of years.
Martha Graham
Acceptance, Maturity, Years

We are approaching a new age of synthesis. Knowledge cannot be merely a degree or a skill... it demands a broader vision, capabilities in critical thinking and logical deduction without which we cannot have constructive progress.
Li Ka-shing
Knowledge, Progress, New

Adults are obsolete children. - Dr. Seuss
Adults are obsolete children.
Dr. Seuss
Children, Obsolete

This might be the first generation where kids are dying at a younger age than their parents and it's related primarily to the obesity problem.
Judy Davis
Parents, Problem, Generation

We are all shaped by where we grow up, though that shaping takes different forms. I don't think there's any doubt that coming of age in Winnipeg both opened my eyes and made me hungry - if I can subvert all claims to be a real writer by mixing metaphors like that.
Guy Gavriel Kay
Eyes, Me, Grow

The excitement of learning separates youth from old age. As long as you're learning you're not old.
Rosalyn S. Yalow
Learning, Old Age, Youth

Middle age is when your old classmates are so grey and wrinkled and bald they don't recognize you.
Bennett Cerf
Bald, You, Classmates

What use could the humanities be in a digital age? University students focusing on the humanities may end up, at least in their parents' nightmares, as dog-walkers for those majoring in computer science. But, for me, the humanities are not only relevant but also give us a toolbox to think seriously about ourselves and the world.
Nicholas Kristof
Science, Parents, End

I think the biggest disease the world suffers from in this day and age is the disease of people feeling unloved. I know that I can give love for a minute, for half an hour, for a day, for a month, but I can give. I am very happy to do that, I want to do that.
Princess Diana
Love, Day, Happy

I do believe that my whole success goes back to that time I was arrested as a wayward boy at the age of thirteen. Because then I had to quit running around and began to learn something. Most of all, I began to learn music.
Louis Armstrong
Success, Music, Time

Age does not make us childish, as some say; it finds us true children.
James Anthony Froude
Children, True, Say

When the child begins to think and to make use of the written language to express his rudimentary thinking, he is ready for elementary work; and this fitness is a question not of age or other incidental circumstance but of mental maturity.
Maria Montessori
Work, Fitness, Maturity

With age comes common sense and wisdom.
Nas
Wisdom, Common Sense, Sense

Youth is wasted on the young. - George Bernard Shaw
Youth is wasted on the young.
George Bernard Shaw
Youth, Young, Wasted

Old age is the most unexpected of all the things that can happen to a man. - James Thurber
Old age is the most unexpected of all the things that can happen to a man.
James Thurber
Man, Old Age, Unexpected

Millennials regularly draw ire for their cell phone usage. They're mobile natives, having come of age when landlines were well on their way out and payphones had gone the way of dinosaurs. Because of their native fluency, Millennials recognize mobile phones can do a whole lot more than make calls, enable texting between friends or tweeting.
Chelsea Clinton
Friends, Cell Phone, Phone

From a young age, I was rubbing elbows with a very different kind of person and social class, and I felt a lot of tension and conflict in my identity because of that.
David Lindsay-Abaire
Conflict, Identity, Young

I read all the time that people think I'm arrogant. They say I am cocky, a bad character. I had that from a young age. But when they meet me, they say, 'That image doesn't fit you.'
Zlatan Ibrahimovic
Time, Character, I Am

A lot of people who start work at a very young age never grow up because they never got that opportunity to be a child, so they hold on to that and still do a lot of childish, silly things.
Janet Jackson
Work, Opportunity, Start

We, as artists, we have the right to express ourselves. That is our first amendment, freedom of speech. But I also believe that we have an obligation to the youth to be somewhat responsible in what we say on records. But I think that comes with age. I think that comes with artists growing up and becoming assured of who they are as people.
Ja Rule
Freedom, Youth, Believe

The arrogance of age must submit to be taught by youth. - Edmund Burke
The arrogance of age must submit to be taught by youth. Edmund Burke
Youth, Arrogance, Taught

Our Age of Anxiety is, in great part, the result of trying to do today's job with yesterday's tools and yesterday's concepts.
Marshall McLuhan
Today, Great, Job

The harvest of old age is the recollection and abundance of blessing previously secured.
Marcus Tullius Cicero
Old Age, Blessing, Abundance

Every man desires to live long, but no man wishes to be old.
Jonathan Swift
Man, Live, Wishes

Inflation is when you pay fifteen dollars for the ten-dollar haircut you used to get for five dollars when you had hair.
Sam Ewing
Hair, Haircut, You

It is old age, rather than death, that is to be contrasted with life. Old age is life's parody, whereas death transforms life into a destiny: in a way it preserves it by giving it the absolute dimension. Death does away with time.
Simone de Beauvoir
Life, Time, Death

As time goes by and you're getting older and stuff like that - getting older sucks. You know, I hear all this crap about, 'Oh, you can age with dignity.' Really?
Mickey Rourke
Time, Getting Older

Nobody grows old merely by living a number of years. We grow old by deserting our ideals. Years may wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul.
Samuel Ullman
Soul, Grow, Wrinkles

When we looked at the life cycle in our 40s, we looked to old people for wisdom. At 80, though, we look at other 80-year-olds to see who got wise and who not. Lots of old people don't get wise, but you don't get wise unless you age.
Erik Erikson
Life, Wisdom, Wise

A moment comes, which comes but rarely in history, when we step out from the old to the new; when an age ends; and when the soul of a nation long suppressed finds utterance.
Jawaharlal Nehru
History, Moment, New

America has been the country of my fond election from the age of thirteen, when I first saw it. I had the honour to hoist with my own hands the flag of freedom, the first time it was displayed, on the Delaware; and I have attended it with veneration ever since on the ocean.
John Paul Jones
Time, Freedom, Ocean

Not just in commerce but in the world of ideas too our age is putting on a veritable clearance sale. Everything can be had so dirt cheap that one begins to wonder whether in the end anyone will want to make a bid.
Soren Kierkegaard
World, Ideas, End

The philosophies of one age have become the absurdities of the next, and the foolishness of yesterday has become the wisdom of tomorrow.
William Osler
Wisdom, Tomorrow, Yesterday

In this day and age, when you can use a machine or computer to simulate or emulate what people can do together, it still can't replace the magic of four people in a room playing.
Dave Grohl
Day, Together, Magic

While I am in this world, I am resolved that no vexation shall put me out of temper if I can possibly command myself. Even old age, which is making strides towards me, shall not prevail to make me peevish.
Samuel Adams
Myself, I Am, Me

At a young age winning is not the most important thing... the important thing is to develop creative and skilled players with good confidence.
Arsene Wenger
Confidence, Good, Winning

My mother inspired me to treat others as I would want to be treated regardless of age, race or financial status.
Tommy Hilfiger
Mother, Finance, Financial

When it comes to age, I just feel like puberty is, like, the most horrible time of anyone's life.
Sam Smith
Life, Time, Just

Every work of art is the child of its age and, in many cases, the mother of our emotions. It follows that each period of culture produces an art of its own which can never be repeated.
Wassily Kandinsky
Work, Art, Mother

I knew at a young age, whether I was playing baseball or hockey or lacrosse, that my teammates were counting on me, whether it be to strike the last batter out in a baseball game or score a big goal in a hockey game.
Wayne Gretzky
Baseball, Goal, Me

If you live to be one hundred, you've got it made. Very few people die past that age.
George Burns
Funny, Past, Live

I'll tell you, there is nothing better in life than being a late bloomer. I believe that success can happen at any time and at any age.
Salma Hayek
Life, Success, Time

With age, you see people fail more. You see yourself fail more. How do you keep that fearlessness of a kid? You keep going. Luckily, I'm not afraid to make a fool of myself.
Hugh Jackman
Myself, Keep Going, Yourself

We can't avoid age. However, we can avoid some aging. Continue to do things. Be active. Life is fantastic in the way it adjusts to demands; if you use your muscles and mind, they stay there much longer.
Charles H. Townes
Life, Mind, Aging

A comfortable old age is the reward of a well-spent youth. Instead of its bringing sad and melancholy prospects of decay, it would give us hopes of eternal youth in a better world.
Maurice Chevalier
Sad, Old Age, Better

I saw no African people in the printed and illustrated Sunday school lessons. I began to suspect at this early age that someone had distorted the image of my people. My long search for the true history of African people the world over began.
John Henrik Clarke
History, School, World

We cannot continue to allow immigrants to come here illegally. And in this age of terrorism, we must not let in refugees whose intentions cannot be determined.
Nikki Haley
Intentions, Determined

The nicest thing about coming of age is that I can do whatever I like.
Cilla Black
I Can, Like, Coming

Well, my son really loves wildlife. And everytime he draws a polar bear I want to tell him there probably won't any by the time... he's my age. That's kinda hard to deal with.
Thom Yorke
Time, Son, Want

Age is not measured by years. Nature does not equally distribute energy. Some people are born old and tired while others are going strong at seventy.
Dorothy Thompson
Nature, Strong, Energy

Being young isn't about age, it's about being a free spirit. You can meet someone of 20 who's boring and old, or you can meet someone of 70 who's youthful and exciting. I met Fred Astaire when he was 72 and I was 21, and I fell in love with him. He certainly was a free spirit.
Twiggy
Love, Free, You

At the age of 12 I won the school prize for Best English Essay. The prize was a copy of Somerset Maugham's 'Introduction To Modern English And American Literature.' To this day I keep it on the shelf between my collection of Forester's works and the little urn that contains my mother's ashes.
Wilbur Smith
Day, Mother, Best

My father was very energetic; my mother was very energetic. He lived to a very old age, and so did my mother. I believe that I just have it from my father, from my parents. They had wonderful energy.
Donald Trump
Father, Mother, Parents

It seems as if an age of genius must be succeeded by an age of endeavour; riot and extravagance by cleanliness and hard work.
Virginia Woolf
Work, Hard Work, Genius

My children were taught at an early age how money works and that it comes from hard work. They've been on a commission - not an allowance - since they were little. They learned that if they worked around the house, they got paid. If they didn't work, they didn't get paid.
Dave Ramsey
Work, Hard Work, Children

Canada has a passive-aggressive culture, with a lot of sarcasm and righteousness. That went with my weird messianic complex. The ego is a fascinating monster. I was taught from a young age that I had to serve, so that turned into me thinking I had to save the planet.
Alanis Morissette
Culture, Thinking, Me

There's no way to approach anything in an objective way. We're completely subjective; our view of the world is completely controlled by who we are as human beings, as men or women, by our age, our history, our profession, by the state of the world.
Charlie Kaufman
Women, History, Men

Age is a matter of feeling, not of years.
Washington Irving
Feeling, Matter, Years

The name 'Wiz' comes from me being the youngest dude in my age group of people that I hung out with. I was pretty good at anything I tried to do, so they would call me a young wiz.
Wiz Khalifa
Good, Me, People

I now have Grit Scale scores from thousands of American adults. My data provide a snapshot of grit across adulthood. And I've discovered a strikingly consistent pattern: grit and age go hand in hand. Sixty-somethings tend to be grittier, on average, than fifty-somethings, who are in turn grittier than forty-somethings, and so on.
Angela Duckworth
Data, American, Grit

Brain power improves by brain use, just as our bodily strength grows with exercise. And there is no doubt that a large proportion of the female population, from school days to late middle age, now have very complicated lives indeed.
A. N. Wilson
Strength, Power, Brain

In this digital age, there is no place to hide behind public relations people. This digital age requires leaders to be visible and authentic and to be able to communicate the decisions they've made and why they've made them, to be able to acknowledge when they've made a mistake and to move forward, to engage in the debate.
Gail Kelly
Decisions, People, Forward

At its best our age is an age of searchers and discoverers, and at its worst, an age that has domesticated despair and learned to live with it happily.
Flannery O'Connor
Best, Live, Worst

Our old age was in some respects the happiest period of life.
Charles Eastman
Life, Old Age, Old

At the age of thirty-seven, I was fat, and since the age of thirty-eight, I have never been fat again. That's the whole idea of effective weight loss - it's permanent because it's part of your lifestyle and the way you think about yourself, with pride and a sense of accomplishment. The goal you achieve is your own - you own it.
Jean Nidetch
Goal, Yourself, Loss

You are the age of your spine. You are as flexible as your spine. That transfers to other areas of your life.
Diane Lane
Life, You, Flexible

We should bomb Vietnam back into the stone age.
Curtis LeMay
Stone, Back, Vietnam

Information is the oxygen of the modern age. It seeps through the walls topped by barbed wire, it wafts across the electrified borders.
Ronald Reagan
Information, Walls, Modern

The Enlightenment, the Age of Reason, is seen as the beginning of modern depravity.
Umberto Eco
Beginning, Enlightenment

At the age of 18, I made up my mind to never have another bad day in my life. I dove into a endless sea of gratitude from which I've never emerged.
Patch Adams
Life, Day, Gratitude

New Age values are conscious evolution, a non-sectarian society, a non-military culture, global sharing, healing the environment, sustainable economies, self-determination, social justice, economic empowerment of the poor, love, compassion in action, going beyond religious fundamentalism, going beyond nationalism-extreme nationalism, culture.
Deepak Chopra
Love, Compassion, New

We live in an age where there is a firehose of information, and there is no hierarchy of what is important and what is not. Where the truth is often fashioned through a variety of digital means. Are you your avatar? Who are you in social media? What face do you turn toward the world? How much does it have in common with who you actually are?
David Carr
Truth, Social Media, Live

Life would be infinitely happier if we could only be born at the age of eighty and gradually approach eighteen.
Mark Twain
Life, Born, Eighteen

Better pass boldly into that other world, in the full glory of some passion, than fade and wither dismally with age.
James Joyce
Passion, World, Better

I conclude, therefore, that this star is not some kind of comet or a fiery meteor... but that it is a star shining in the firmament itself one that has never previously been seen before our time, in any age since the beginning of the world.
Tycho Brahe
Time, World, Beginning

Lack of education, old age, bad health or discrimination - these are causes of poverty, and the way to attack it is to go to the root.
Robert Kennedy
Education, Health, Old Age

As human beings, our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world - that is the myth of the atomic age - as in being able to remake ourselves.
Mahatma Gandhi
Greatness, World, Ourselves

My mother is an incredibly beautiful woman who has laughed at every single thing my father's ever said. At a young age, my brother and I understood that if you can make girls laugh, you can punch well above your weight class.
Seth Meyers
Beautiful, Father, Mother

He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden.
Plato
Nature, Happy, Youth

Privacy is one of the biggest problems in this new electronic age.
Andy Grove
Problems, Privacy, New

If you love someone, you love someone. It doesn't matter; age, colour, c'mon!
Sam Taylor-Johnson
Love, Colour, You

My justification is that most people my age spend a lot of time thinking about what they're going to do for the next five or ten years. The time they spend thinking about their life, I just spend drinking.
Amy Winehouse
Life, Time, Thinking

We take it for granted that we can see at all times of day and night. But there was a time, not all that long ago, in the age before electricity, when night brought total darkness - and with it, a not-so-small amount of terror. We get a sense of this when we go camping or when there's a power outage, and our fear of the darkness is primal.
Jake Halpern
Day, Time, Fear

I must confess, I was born at a very early age. - Groucho Marx
I must confess, I was born at a very early age.
Groucho Marx
Born, I Was Born, Very

The potential for the abuse of power through digital networks - upon which we the people now depend for nearly everything, including our politics - is one of the most insidious threats to democracy in the Internet age.
Rebecca MacKinnon
Power, Politics, Potential

There are only three things that can kill a farmer: lightning, rolling over in a tractor, and old age.
Bill Bryson
Old Age, Farmer, Lightning

A graceful and honorable old age is the childhood of immortality.
Pindar
Childhood, Old Age

What though youth gave love and roses, Age still leaves us friends and wine. - Thomas Moore
What though youth gave love and roses, Age still leaves us friends and wine.
Thomas Moore
Love, Friends, Wine

Irrespective of age, we mourn for those loved and lost. Mourning is one of the deepest expressions of pure love.
Russell M. Nelson
Love, Lost, Loved

There is no longer a doubt that women are just as competent as men. Gender differences are guided by nurture, as society treats boys and girls differently from an early age.
Naveen Jain
Women, Society, Men

Everyone talks about age, but it's not about age. It's about work ethic. Winning never gets old.
Lisa Leslie
Work, Winning, Work Ethic

Thirty was so strange for me. I've really had to come to terms with the fact that I am now a walking and talking adult.
C. S. Lewis
I Am, Walking, Me

It is utterly false and cruelly arbitrary to put all the play and learning into childhood, all the work into middle age, and all the regrets into old age.
Margaret Mead
Work, Learning, Childhood

I'm glad I was born when I was. My time was the golden age of variety. If I were starting out again now, maybe things would happen for me, but it certainly would not be on a variety show with 28 musicians, 12 dancers, two major guest stars, 50 costumes a week by Bob Mackie. The networks just wouldn't spend the money today.
Carol Burnett
Today, Time, Money

No economy can succeed without a high-quality workforce, particularly in an age of globalization and technical change.
Ben Bernanke
Change, Globalization

You still stand watch, O human star, burning without a flicker, perfect flame, bright and resourceful spirit. Each of your rays a great idea - O torch which passes from hand to hand, from age to age, world without end.
Karel Capek
Great, World, End

I don't believe one grows older. I think that what happens early on in life is that at a certain age one stands still and stagnates.
T. S. Eliot
Life, Believe, Think

Anything you cannot relinquish when it has outlived its usefulness possesses you, and in this materialistic age a great many of us are possessed by our possessions.
Peace Pilgrim
Great, You, Us

To keep the heart unwrinkled, to be hopeful, kindly, cheerful, reverent that is to triumph over old age.
Amos Bronson Alcott
Heart, Old Age, Triumph

You know, your first album is about really amazing things. Your first album is always about coming of age, first love, first loss, usually you suffer a first loss of someone that you love to death, even, you know, really big life lessons, things you learn from your parents' divorce or from the travels that you took.
Brandi Carlile
Love, Life, Death

You can fake your age or mask it, but the passion that moves the characters has to be real.
Victoria Abril
Passion, Fake, Mask

In every age 'the good old days' were a myth. No one ever thought they were good at the time. For every age has consisted of crises that seemed intolerable to the people who lived through them.
Brooks Atkinson
Time, Good, Thought

The golden age is before us, not behind us.
Simon the Zealot
Golden, Behind, Golden Age

In this electronic age we see ourselves being translated more and more into the form of information, moving toward the technological extension of consciousness.
Marshall McLuhan
Information, Moving

For me, when I was a kid, volunteering was the last thing I was thinking about. When I see kids doing it now, it amazes me. It's very impressive, it gives them something productive to do as opposed to getting in trouble. For them to take time out at such a young age is remarkable. I think all kids should take a little time out to volunteer.
Derek Jeter
Time, Thinking, Me

When superstition is allowed to perform the task of old age in dulling the human temperament, we can say goodbye to all excellence in poetry, in painting, and in music.
Denis Diderot
Music, Goodbye, Excellence

The 21st century is dominated by networks because the introduction of the information age, we can suddenly create, free flow these globally distributed, organic, shaped networks of individuals.
Chris Fussell
Information, Free, Flow

The age of chivalry is past. Bores have succeeded to dragons.
Charles Dickens
Past, Dragons, Chivalry

This idea that being youthful is the only thing that's beautiful or attractive simply isn't true. I don't want to be an 'ageless beauty.' I want to be a woman who is the best I can be at my age.
Sharon Stone
Beautiful, Beauty, Best

Men do not fight for flag or country, for the Marine Corps or glory or any other abstraction. They fight for one another. And if you came through this ordeal, you would age with dignity.
William Manchester
Fight, Men, Country

Scripture is filled with examples of men and women whom God used late in life, often with great impact - men and women who refused to use old age as an excuse to ignore what God wanted them to do.
Billy Graham
Life, Women, God

To explain all nature is too difficult a task for any one man or even for any one age. 'Tis much better to do a little with certainty & leave the rest for others that come after you.
Isaac Newton
Nature, Man, Better

This is the strange thing: Dancers don't age.
Twyla Tharp
Strange, Dancers

There's something intrinsically Australian about a bunch of brothers and school friends getting together as a band at a very young age and all pulling together as a band at a very young age and all pulling together as mates to make something happen.
Michael Hutchence
Friends, School, Together

There are mysteries which men can only guess at, which age by age they may solve only in part.
Bram Stoker
Men, Solve, May

From a young age, I understood the idea of balanced flavor - the reason you put ketchup on a hamburger. I was that kid who wouldn't eat something if there was something missing. I never really understood it until I began cooking professionally, balancing acids, sweets, spicy flavors and fat.
Michael Mina
Cooking, Fat, You

In an age where everything and everyone is linked through networks of glass and air, no one - no business, organization, government agency, country - is an island. We need to do right by all our stakeholders, and that's how you create value for shareholders. And one thing is for sure - no organization can succeed in a world that is failing.
Don Tapscott
Business, Government, Value

Leadership in telecommunications is also essential, since we are now in the age of e-commerce.
Michael Oxley
Leadership, Now, E-Commerce

Let us be shy no longer. Let us go to our strength. Let us offer hope. Let us tell the world that a new age is not only possible but probable.
Ronald Reagan
Strength, Hope, New

But the age of chivalry is gone. That of sophisters, economists, and calculators has succeeded; and the glory of Europe is extinguished forever.
Edmund Burke
Glory, Economists, Forever

We of Africa protest that, in this day and age, we should continue to be treated as lesser human beings than other races.
Robert Mugabe
Day, Africa, Protest

With age, you get to a place where you don't want to knock people out. You just want to give people a hug.
Vin Diesel
Hug, People, Want

Women would be disproportionately affected by the privatization of social security. It is one of the most important safety nets for American women in old age, or in times of disability, to insure financial income for their families.
Barbara Mikulski
Women, Safety, Financial

People who refuse to rest honorably on their laurels when they reach retirement age seem very admirable to me.
Helen Hayes
Retirement, Me, People

I am, as I've said, merely competent. But in an age of incompetence, that makes me extraordinary.
Billy Joel
I Am, Me, Said

I prefer to put myself in an environment that's further afield and look through the eyes of someone who differs from me in age, ethnicity, gender, and/or social class. I think a little displacement makes me a sharper observer.
Amor Towles
Eyes, Myself, Me

When one knows at an early age that their gift, talent and direction is musical, one tends to focus on that and let nothing interfere or impede the forward motion toward the end of that rainbow. And after 50-something years of rockin' out, you still realise there is no end to that distant rainbow until one's last sunset.
Randy Bachman
Sunset, Focus, End

Let age, not envy, draw wrinkles on thy cheeks.
Thomas Browne
Wrinkles, Envy, Cheeks

What turns me on about the digital age, what excited me personally, is that you have closed the gap between dreaming and doing. You see, it used to be that if you wanted to make a record of a song, you needed a studio and a producer. Now, you need a laptop.
Bono
Me, Song, Doing

I think, at the end of the day, age is just a number. It's like, in real life, I've got friends who are dating someone their age or dating someone who's twice their age, and they're equally in love.
Margot Robbie
Love, Life, Day

We're not in an information age anymore. We're in the information management age.
Chris Hardwick
Management, Information

Why do people talk of the horrors of old age? It's great. I feel like a fine old car with the parts gradually wearing out, but I'm not complaining,... Those who find growing old terrible are people who haven't done what they wanted with their lives.
Martha Gellhorn
Great, Car, Old Age

Grandchildren have taught me how important the future is. I try to look through their eyes and envision what's in their imagination. What's the world going to look like when they're my age? That really does take a huge imagination.
Richard Lugar
Future, Eyes, Imagination

We're seeing the arrival of conversational robots that can walk in our world. It's a golden age of invention.
David Hanson
World, Walk, Seeing

You don't stop laughing because you grow older. You grow older because you stop laughing.
Maurice Chevalier
Grow, You, Laughing

I've found a formula for avoiding these exaggerated fears of age; you take care of every day - let the calendar take care of the years.
Ed Wynn
Day, Every Day, Calendar

Books were my pass to personal freedom. I learned to read at age three, and soon discovered there was a whole world to conquer that went beyond our farm in Mississippi.
Oprah Winfrey
Freedom, World, Conquer

I think a child should be allowed to take his father's or mother's name at will on coming of age. Paternity is a legal fiction.
James Joyce
Father, Mother, Child

Love, with very young people, is a heartless business. We drink at that age from thirst, or to get drunk; it is only later in life that we occupy ourselves with the individuality of our wine.
Isak Dinesen
Love, Life, Business

There is no avoiding the realities of the information age. Its effects manifest differently in different sectors, but the drivers of speed and interdependence will impact us all. Organizations that continue to use 20th-century tools in today's complex environment do so at their own peril.
Stanley A. McChrystal
Today, Information, Impact

I'm totally into new age and self-help books. I used to work in a bookstore and that's the section they gave me, and I got way into it. I just loved the power of positive thinking, letting yourself go.
Jason Mraz
Positive, Work, New

Keep courage. Whatever you do, do not feel sorry for yourself. You will win in a great age of opportunity.
Richard L. Evans
Courage, Opportunity

I've been dancing since the age of two. I don't really remember it, because I was little, but my mom signed me up and would put me in cute costumes. A lot of little girls get into dancing, but I loved it so much that I kept doing it.
Maddie Ziegler
Mom, Cute, Me

Italians know that what matters is style, not fashion. Italian style does not have social or age boundaries.
Stefano Gabbana
Style, Fashion, Know

Children also have artistic ability, and there is wisdom in there having it! The more helpless they are, the more instructive are the examples they furnish us; and they must be preserved free of corruption from an early age.
Paul Klee
Wisdom, Children, Free

Most fears are basic: fear of the dark, fear of going down in the basement, fear of weird sounds, fear that somebody is waiting for you in your closet. Those kinds of things stay with you no matter what age.
R. L. Stine
Fear, Waiting, Dark

Age is just a number, and your talent will never fail you. It has no expiry date.
Madhuri Dixit
Talent, You, Will

Age doesn't bother me. So many of my heroes were older guys. It's the lack of years left that weighs far heavier on me than the age that I am.
David Bowie
I Am, Me, Years

Though the Jazz Age continued it became less and less an affair of youth. The sequel was like a children's party taken over by the elders.
F. Scott Fitzgerald
Children, Youth, Party

There is no absurdity so palpable but that it may be firmly planted in the human head if you only begin to inculcate it before the age of five, by constantly repeating it with an air of great solemnity.
Arthur Schopenhauer
Great, You, Begin

What is an adult? A child blown up by age.
Simone de Beauvoir
Child, Up, Adult

The truth is that at age 19, I was a teenage mother living alone with my daughter in a trailer and struggling to keep us afloat on my way to a divorce. And I knew then that I was going to have to work my way up and out of that life if I was going to give my daughter a better life and a better future, and that's what I've done.
Wendy Davis
Life, Work, Future

Filth and old age, I'm sure you will agree, are powerful wardens upon chastity.
Geoffrey Chaucer
Powerful, Old Age, You

The man Dickens, whom the world at large thought it knew, stood for all the Victorian virtues - probity, kindness, hard work, sympathy for the down-trodden, the sanctity of domestic life - even as his novels exposed the violence, hypocrisy, greed, and cruelty of the Victorian age.
Robert Gottlieb
Life, Work, Hard Work

To join or not to join films was the biggest choice I had to make. I'd done two years of biogenetic engineering, was an economics graduate and a gold medalist. I had also been a Bharatanatyam dancer from age five, always won the best actress award in school. Finally, I decided to do things for my soul, chose to act.
Amisha Patel
Best, School, Soul

My mother sent me to psychiatrists since the age of four because she didn't think little boys should be sad. When my brother was born, I stared out the window for days. Can you imagine that?
Andy Kaufman
Sad, Mother, Brother

Now I am in my eighties, and I have known the joys and sorrows of a full life. Age, however, has its privileges. One is to reminisce, and another is to reminisce selectively.
Rose Kennedy
Life, I Am, Now

In youth, the days are short and the years are long. In old age, the years are short and days long.
Pope Paul VI
Short, Old Age, Youth

My solution to the problem would be to tell the North Vietnamese Communists frankly that they've got to drawn in their horns and stop their aggression or we're going to bomb them into the stone age.
Curtis LeMay
Problem, Solution, Stone

It is distressing to me that we live in an age in which we still must fight to protect our civil rights as Americans, in which a hate crime perpetrated against someone based their sexual orientation can go unpunished, and in which discrimination is being written into our laws.
John Conyers
Hate, Live, Me


